# Chapter 1 - Princess Lua

"Princess, it is time to wake up. The gala is today." I am shaken awake by one of my attendants. Still drowsy, I wake up slowly. Gala? What Gala? Wait... Oh yeah, today I'm supposed to choose a husband from the princes of the Kingdom of Ult. I groan at the thought, as the attendent speaks again, "Princess, please hurry. You will want to eat before we must depart. The trip will take most of the day."

I stand from my bed, and am dressed by my attendants. So begins what could be the worst day of my life. Truth be told, I don't want to get married. The thought of spending the rest of my life bearing the children of a prince sickens me. There's nothing for it, though. The treaty my father signed with the King of Ult promises me to one of the princes, and the Princess of Ult to one of my brothers. I suppose the one saving grace is that I get to choose which one, though I can't see myself desiring any choice. Not that I've seen any of the three princes of Ult. My mother would probably say not to judge them too harshly before I've seen their faces.  

After being dressed, I am taken to the dining hall for breakfast. My father is already at the head of the table, along with my mother, and my 3 brothers. I don't pay much attention to what is served, I'm too lost in thought. My father speaks up, "Well today is a momentus occasion. On this day, my daughter and one of my three sons will be betrothed to royals of our neighbouring Kingdom, to make our diplomatic ties unbreakable for generations."  My brothers cheer at the thought and I join in half-heartedly and unenthusiastically. After finishing breakfast, we head out to the carriages. My brothers have one, and my Father and Mother ride together, so I get a carriage to myself. Not having anyone to talk to, I continue to think about the upcoming gala. Perhaps I will feel better when I meet the Princes, and the Princess as well. 